(Episode 22)
Come in.
You should be the one holding an exhibition.
Why are you here?
Chamomile tea.
Have some. It's good when you're tired.
- Thanks. - I should thank you.
Hyun said he'd look after me.
- Thanks for sending him back. - Ms. Choi.
I know what you'll say.
You didn't send him back.
- That's right. - No.
You did send him back.
I've known Hyun for six years.
I can tell what he's thinking just by...
looking into his eyes.
He used to have that warm, kind glance...
when he looked at me.
Now, he looks at someone else that way.
I don't care.
I don't mind if all I have is just an empty shell.
- Ms. Choi. - But not anymore.
Now, he's all mine. Shell and heart.
- So... - Is that why you lied?
About being sick?
Aren't you overstepping your boundaries?
What do you think of me?
Shall I check for markings that you had any tests?
If you have acute myeloid leukemia,
you must have scars on your pelvis.
Will you tell Hyun?
You should look around carefully before making secret calls.
If you keep on being so careless,
you might end up telling him yourself.
Why are you doing this?
How long do you think you can...
keep him close with those lies?
Don't you know this is all your fault?
He was always on my side.
Even when I was mean and left him a hundred times,
he always took me back.
He would have this time as well if it hadn't been for you.
So...
don't you mind whether I'm lying to him or not.
Just keep your word.
You said you don't care for love,
so even if Hyun hits on you,
make sure you don't...
give into his advances.
Come out.
I know you're there, Nurse Pyo.
You can come out.
What are you doing here?
Nurse Pyo said there's something wrong with the wires.
I'm fixing them.
- Did you hear us? - I don't need hearing aids yet.
- Pretend you didn't. - I should, right?
Ms. Choi needs to get a good hold on Hyun...
if I'm to stand a chance with you.
- Are you going to be silly? - No.
Today, I'll be an honest messenger.
- What do you mean? - I don't know how,
but it looks like Doctor Kwak and I have become rivals.
I like to play fair.
So you'll tell him?
- Can't I? - Don't.
- Why not? - It's between them.
- Moreover... - Moreover?
If he were to hear from us,
he could feel ashamed.
This is fraud.
Wouldn't it be better to feel ashamed...
than be conned?
No.
Depending on the person,
feeling ashamed can be worse than anything.
Are you like that?
Is it worse than anything to be humiliated?
Is that why you're looking out for him?
Okay.
I'll do as you say.
Under one condition.
- What is it? - I haven't thought about it yet.
I'll tell you when I do.
See you.
Oh dear.
What a terrible love triangle.
Should I keep going?
Okay. Heads for go. Tails for stop.
That was practice.
Okay, another practice round.
Make sure you get all the weeds.
You fool.
If you can't cut them, pull them out.
- I'm sick of this. - What?
What's wrong with you? Pick up your sickle.
Hire someone else to do it.
No one does this themselves these days.
You have four functioning limbs.
Why would we hire someone?
Dad, look it up on the internet.
There are tons of people willing to work for a fee.
Stop searching the internet. Do we have money to waste?
That's rich coming from a guy...
who can't keep a job and is between work right now.
You nag too much.
Get a job if you can't stand my nagging.
Get your own place.
What is it this time?
- Bees. - Run! Run!
Run.
- Oh no. - Hey.
Oh dear.
Dad.
911 emergency call center.
- How can I help? - My dad's hurt.
He got stung by bees.
He was running away.
- Where are you right now? - Gogae Island.
Hello? Hello?
Hello?
The caller isn't responding.
We can't serve Gogae Island. Call the Coast Guard.
Got it.
- Chief. - Okay.
Get a speed boat out right now.
The hospital ship's docked at Gogae Island right now.
Is it?
We'll deal with it right away. Out.
Emergency patient. Emergency patient.
- Go as fast as you can. - Okay.
Oh dear. A few bee stings got...
the emergency center, Coast Guard,
and even us on red alert.
- We were as busy as a bee. - That's what I'm saying.
Can a bee sting be that dangerous?
My point exactly.
Some soy bean paste is all you need.
Not in this day and age.
It depends on the kind of bee.
Hornets can be deadly. Right, doctor?
Yes. You can get an anaphylactic shock...
- and even die from it. - You can die?
Of a bee sting?
Bees these days are killers.
I know.
In our days, most of them were harmless.
What?
Let's go.
Wake up, sir. Wake up.
- Sir. - Why are they like this?
Is he trying to protect him?
What's your name?
Tae Wook. Tae Wook.
Let's put them on their backs.
- Okay. - Hurry up.
Hurry.
- What's your name? - Tae Wook.
- Sir. - Tae Wook.
Tracheostomy tube.
Inject epinephrine into his muscles.
Okay.
He isn't breathing.
His nasal passage is blocked, and I can't intubate.
Okay.
Scalpel.
You'll slice his neck here?
- Sir. Sir. - Sir.
His heart stopped. Take this.
- Defibrillator, now. - Okay.
- Let's swap. - Okay.
Attach the pads.
- It's done. - Okay.
- Ambu bag. - Okay.
The pads are connected.
Wait for charging to complete.
Move away from the patient.
Clear. Shoot.
It's in.
Good.
Move away from the patient.
Clear. Shoot.
He's back.
[VIU Ver] Episode 22 Hospital Ship "Please Save My Father"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Doctor, he's waking up.
Are you awake?
- What's your name? - Tae Wook.
- Sir. - My son, Tae Wook.
Your son's still unconscious.
What did you say?
- You need to stay calm. - Where is he?
We'll monitor him for now...
and transfer him when he's stable.
Okay.
Tae Wook. My son!
What's this? Why is that there?
I had to make an incision because...
his nasal passage was blocked.
Why is he in this state when I'm fine?
Because he lay on top of you...
to protect you from the bees.
What... What did you say?
- We'll look after him. - Let go.
You idiot.
Why did you protect me?
You should've run away from the bees.
Why did you...
follow me to protect me?
Tae Wook, are you awake?
What's wrong? Why can't he speak?
It's temporary.
His voice will return when the cut heals.
Why did this happen to us?
Use this instead.
"Dad."
"Sorry for being cranky."
When I get a job next year,
I'll help you with a happy heart.
You fool.
Who cares about the weeds when you're in this state?
It's okay. Don't try to talk.
I get it.
It's okay, my son.
My son.
It's okay. It's fine.
Tae Wook.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay now, my son.
He wants to pay his debt.
He has nothing to give you as an inheritance.
He can't leave you with debt.
I know what you think of him.
I can't help but feel sorry for him.
Get in.
I'll take a bus.
They're both here.
Shall I drop the bomb?
Doctor Kim.
Get in. That's my condition.
For as long as your dad's at our hospital,
- let me drive you around. - That's unnecessary.
What is it, Woo Jae?
Dad's insisting on leaving the hospital.
- Let's go. - Why did you change your mind?
Don't waste any time. Just drive.
Hyun, shouldn't we go too?
- Dad. - Why are you here?
I drove Doctor Song.
Is her dad very ill?
He wants to go home.
What?
In his condition?
Take extra care of her for a while.
It seems complicated.
Okay.
What are you doing?
- Can't you see? - You won't get paid.
I already informed the insurance commission.
Eun Jae, you...
So stop getting ideas, and get changed again.
Get changed, and lie down.
No.
I won't.
Consider me gone.
You managed without me so far.
Dad.
That's all I needed.
I didn't think...
I'd hear you call me that before I died.
You won't die.
I won't let you.
- Eun Jae. - I'll save you.
I'll save you no matter what.
So don't think about fleeing.
Think about how you'll make up...
and play the father role from now on.
- Take it. - It's okay.
I have money.
Eat proper meals instead of instant noodles.
If he wants to eat something, buy it for him.
Okay?
See if the swelling diminishes where there's a fracture.
Then proceed with the operation.
Did you also hurt your face?
Get the patient's records, and do a CT scan.
Yes, doctor.
Let's see.
- Hello, doctor. - Doctor Song.
I was hoping to change my shift today.
- Is something the matter? - Please, doctor.
Wait a minute. Let me call Dr. Kim.
Are you going to Seoul?
- Yes. - You should go.
I haven't contacted Dr. Kim yet.
If you need someone, I'll be here. You may go.
Thank you.
Finish it up here.
Okay, have it ready.
I called the hospital car, so take it.
- That's okay. - It's not all the way to Seoul.
- Go to the airport. It's faster. - But...
Take advantage of it. I owe you a lot for saving my wife.
By the way, it may not be easy.
I know something happened between you two in the past.
I know Dr. Kim Do Hoon well because he was my colleague.
He's not a bad person.
I don't know if he's a kind doctor,
but he's definitely talented.
As your father's guardian, ask him earnestly and politely.
Then he will make wise decisions as a doctor.
Yes, doctor.
I asked the secretary to reserve a ticket.
Get it as soon as you get to the airport.
Thank you for everything.
Thank me after your father gets better.
There's the car. Go on now.
Why didn't you ask me to drive her to the airport?
She has a lot of pride.
If a man is inquisitive about everything,
she'll feel humiliated.
- She'll tell you to get lost. - Humiliated?
That's right. Is something wrong?
No.
I'm getting lectured on humiliation...
many times today.
(Seoul Daehan Hospital)
(Central Operation Room)
We were so lucky today.
I know. They found a transplant donor.
When the pilot said the helicopter couldn't fly due to the wind,
I wanted to fly it myself. Then...
It was great timing when the wind calmed down.
- I know. - We deserve to celebrate today.
We love you, doctor.
Doctor Song Eun Jae?
It's been a long time.
How have you been?
I'm always the same. What brings you here?
I have a favor to ask of you.
A favor?
- It must be about her father. - Probably.
Will he do it?
Why wouldn't he?
Gosh, how could he?
He was attacked by his own trainee.
Attacked? She only told the truth.
Are you kidding?
If the world values the truth so much,
why was Dr. Song expelled to the hospital ship?
Some people actually enjoy working there.
Don't say, "expelled".
Gosh, you've matured, haven't you?
By the way,
can't Dr. Song do the operation?
Are you just saying that, or do you really not know?
No matter how strong Dr. Song may be,
she can't remain calm during her own father's operation.
It's a perfect situation that calls for trouble.
If something goes wrong and her father dies,
do you think she can continue being a surgeon?
What if she gets rejected?
Gosh, I have no idea.
Of course, I'll do it.
Your father's life depends on it.
What you did was disgraceful, but doing the operation is only right.
- Thank you. - Unfortunately,
I can't free up my schedule because it's already packed.
When I worked with a talented doctor like you,
I could free up a day or two.
However, it's impossible to do that now.
- Professor... - You should find another doctor.
Please consider it one more time.
I feel bad, but I have no choice.
- Professor... - You should leave.
I beg you.
I beg you, professor.
Please save my father.
(Hospital Ship)
The tumor that formed in the biliary tract...
Will you be okay with Dr. Song's operating...
on her own father?
What kind of a person do you want to be as you age?
Come here, and give the flowers to your brother.
I was unbearably angry.
It'll be over when you wake up.
Even if something goes wrong,
it won't be your fault.
Thank you for thinking of me when you're having a hard time.
I want to keep working at the hospital ship.